fix(ppm): complete 21.04.1 RN (#1217)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

#### Bug fixes

- Fixed a bug that prevented the description of the Plugin Packs from being displayed when the user's UI language was set to something other than EN or FR
- Fixed an issue causing Host Discovery providers installed by Plugin Packs dependencies to be displayed with the same icon
- Fixed installation of Plugin Packs with similar names

> - Fixed installation of a Plugin Packs behind the legend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed problem where a Plugin Pack couldn't be installed when it was displayed behind the legend
```
